README.md, before:

# Git-Info

 

Python package to view the size of a github repository, along with other useful information. This uses the requests and regex module to parse an input repository's URL, obtain the JSON for the respective repository using the Github API, parse the JSON, and return useful information about the Github repository. 





## How to run



If you haven't already, install the requests and the flask modules using:

```
pip install requests flask
```

or

```
pip install -r requrements.txt
```



Download gitinfo.py, and execute the file in Python. Input the Github repository's URL, and the repository's name, owner's name, description, whether it is forked or not, size, and programming language will be displayed. Running gitinfo-web.py will allow you to view this information in a web browser on your local network. Alternatively, import it into your own Python code using 

```
import gitinfo
```

## Example usage




When run as a script:

```
Enter a URL: github.com/dorrabbkhan/git-info

Name: git-info
Owner: dorrabbkhan
Description: Python script to view the size of a Github repository, along with other useful information.
Is Forked: True
Created At: 2019-08-13T21:27:24Z
Size: 0.01 MB
Language: Python
Watchers: 9
Stars: 9
Forks: 2
Open Issues: 5
Default Branch: master
Subscribers: 1
```

When importing into your own code:

```
from gitinfo import repository

new = repository("https://github.com/dorrabbkhan/GitSizeViewer")

print(f'\nName: {new.name()}')
print(f'Owner: {new.owner()}')
print(f'Description: {new.description()}')
print(f'Is Forked: {new.is_forked()}')
print(f'Created At: {new.created_at()}')
print(f'Size: {round(new.size()/1024, 3)} MB')
print(f'Language: {new.language()}')
print(f'Watchers: {new.watchers()}')
print(f'Stars: {new.stars()}')
print(f'Forks: {new.forks()}')
print(f'Open Issues: {new.open_issues()}')
print(f'Default Branch: {new.default_branch()}')
print(f'Subscribers: {new.subscribers()}')
```


## Tests

Execute test.py to run tests on the package, implemented using unittest. All tests should return OK, given that you have a working internet connection. 


## Future plans





- Add a GUI
- Add support for more detailed information
- Turn into a reusable package instead of a script and publish package
- Write tests for the code
- Better documentation for usage


------



Feel free to suggest changes, and to fork! :)

Commit message:

Updated README, added screenshots of web server

README.md, after:

# Git-Info

 

Python package to view the size of a github repository, along with other useful information. This uses the requests and regex module to parse an input repository's URL, obtain the JSON for the respective repository using the Github API, parse the JSON, and return useful information about the Github repository. 





## How to run



If you haven't already, install the requests and the flask modules using:

```
pip install requests flask
```

or

```
pip install -r requrements.txt
```



Download gitinfo.py, and execute the file in Python. Input the Github repository's URL, and the repository's name, owner's name, description, whether it is forked or not, size, and programming language will be displayed. Running gitinfo-web.py will allow you to view this information in a web browser on your local network. Alternatively, import it into your own Python code using 

```
import gitinfo
```

## Example usage




When run as a script:

```
Enter a URL: github.com/dorrabbkhan/git-info

Name: git-info
Owner: dorrabbkhan
Description: Python script to view the size of a Github repository, along with other useful information.
Is Forked: True
Created At: 2019-08-13T21:27:24Z
Size: 0.01 MB
Language: Python
Watchers: 9
Stars: 9
Forks: 2
Open Issues: 5
Default Branch: master
Subscribers: 1
```

When importing into your own code:

```
from gitinfo import repository

new = repository("https://github.com/dorrabbkhan/GitSizeViewer")

print(f'\nName: {new.name()}')
print(f'Owner: {new.owner()}')
print(f'Description: {new.description()}')
print(f'Is Forked: {new.is_forked()}')
print(f'Created At: {new.created_at()}')
print(f'Size: {round(new.size()/1024, 3)} MB')
print(f'Language: {new.language()}')
print(f'Watchers: {new.watchers()}')
print(f'Stars: {new.stars()}')
print(f'Forks: {new.forks()}')
print(f'Open Issues: {new.open_issues()}')
print(f'Default Branch: {new.default_branch()}')
print(f'Subscribers: {new.subscribers()}')
```



When run in the web browser:

![Git-info web server in CMD](img/cmd.png)

![Git-info on the web](img/web.jpg)



## Tests

Execute test.py to run tests on the package, implemented using unittest. All tests should return OK, given that you have a working internet connection. 


## Future plans





- Add a GUI
- Add support for more detailed information
- Publish package
- Better documentation for usage

------



Feel free to suggest changes, and to fork! :)
